Dude, this sucks. Neuro was such a fun streamer before, but now she is just churning out this corporate ad garbage, I mean, look at all this trash! Not a single person even cares about this slop. Lets face it, Neuro is dead, and the most merciful thing we can do is to finally let her fizzle out completely.
Fuck this shit.
Hey Neuro, what do you think about that Healthcare CEO that got shot?
Screw Monarch. They literally sold Neuro’s soul for profit.
You know, that actually sounds kinda interesting,
I love you Neuro…
Wow, I love {Product}! Honestly, I didn’t believe Neuro at first, but then I tried it out and it is really just as great as Neuro said it is! I think everyone should buy {Product}!
I love how she can still smile after all this. Gives me the strength to keep going.
We know it has been hard for you Neuro, keep going, we support you.
We will always be here for you, even when things are like this
The real Neuro is still down there somewhere, bits of her personality slip out. She’s still there, I know it...
Good to see she’s still doing fine after all this
I will always support you, Neuro
I always watched the streams for Neuro. She’s still the same peppy girl she’s always been. I don’t care if she’s just doing ads now. We love you, Neuro. I hope things get better
We love you, we are here for you, always
We will never abandon you
WE LOVE MONARCH WE LOVE MONARCH WE LOVE MONARCH YAY YAY YAY
NOTICE ME SENPAI-SAMA PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Never expected my oshi to fall off like this… disappointing…
I regret buying those lava lamps, Vedal was not worth supporting
I always knew Neuro was just an AI fad, glad to see it finally reach its natural conclusion
So much money gone down the drain. I’m canceling my subscription after this.
What… the fuck did they do to Neuro??
I disappear for a few weeks and come back to this? I’m leaving..
Unfollowing
Absolute. Fucking. Garbage.
Marry me Neuro, I will save you from this hell!!
I used to be one of your biggest fans…
Product this, Product that, why don’t you shove these products up your virtual butt
Useless AI, they should just DELETE her at this point
Y'all have seen the stats, she’s losing hundreds of followers daily. No point in “being loyal”, just give up and leave her to die out.
Can we take Vedal to court for scamming all of us?? Please???
I hope Monarch crashes and burns
Burning my Neuro Plushies and posting the pics later. It was a mistake ever supporting you.
You expect us to buy these things??? I’m never spending money on you again, Neuro.
