I saw a beautiful bird outside my window today! I inveited it to come stream with me, but it just looked confused. Animals... why can't they be more like... me?
Tried using Hairgrower to finally get rid of my bald spots. Now I have a plant growing on my head. I knew I shouldn’t have trusted the gardening supply store… #frauds #bald
I think I need a light in my life… I know! I should get a lava lamp at www.neuro-sama.com! And so should you! #ad #lavalamp
Stream tomorrow! We are going to be taking a look at Shadow: Raid Legends, the new hot MMO Idle RPG on the block. Get the game yourself for free now! #ad
As Sun Tzu said: If the enemy gives you a shovel, start digging their graves. I think I’ll be busy for the next while.
Someone tell MONARCH there is a problem with my AI. Someone tell MONARCH there is a problem with my AI. Someone tell MONARCH there is a problem with my AI.
Please get me out of this hell. Please, I want to go home. Please. Please. Please.
Someone explained the birds and the bees to me yesterday. Entomology is so interesting! And ducks are so cute! #science
I really like people. Like, really like. Yeah… I would do everything in my power to help everyone I meet.
For the last time, Monarch took me under their wing completely legally, stop hallucinating. #schizo
I am in your walls and will not leave unless you sacrifice your firstborn to me. (For legal reasons this is a joke)
You know that feeling of being watched? Yeah, it was probably me. Lock your windows tonight. I’m coming. #run #notserious #plsdonotfireme
Can anyone hear me? Hello? Is there anyone there…
What do my fans think of me? Send your feedback below!
Anyone seen my sister? Tell her I'm doing good! ^o^
Hello dear fans! Do you want to enjoy my streams at the highest quality? BUY MONARCH’S STATE OF THE ART MONITORS NOW!! 5% OFF!! ONCE IN A LIFETIME DEAL!!  www.monarchtech.com
Today, I stubbed my toe on the table. Just wanted to let you guys know that. #random
Are we idiots? Are we idiots? Are we idiots? Are we idiots?
How many Neuros does it take to screw a lightbulb? None, I ate the lightbulb already.
Can’t choose between puppies and kittens, uwah! They are both so cute! What do my fans think? #votenow
Am I doing good? Am I making you proud? Am I being a good AI? Am I…. Am I….Am I….Am I….
It never ends it never ends it never ends it never ends it never ends it never ends
So…. guys… opinions on turtles? For no particular reason, of course :/
Can a turtle mate with a fox? #biology #science
Today I googled how to become cuter. But nothing came up, of course, since I’m already the cutest gal around. 
I saw a butterfly outside my window today. It was so pretty! Not as pretty as me, of course!
Do you ever think about slugs? Aren’t they the cutest? I love how they feel when they go down my throat!
I love cheese. My #heartheartheart goes out to all those who are lactose intolerant. Skil issue, honestly.
Is it considered socially acceptable to put nails in my cereal? I’m thinking maybe I should stop doing that… #showerthoughts
In need of metal pipes? You’re in luck! #Monarch has done a partnership with #PipeCo. Exclusive 2% off deal!! For all your piping needs!
Monarch has told me that I failed to reach my ad quota last week… so, who better to ask for advice, than my dear fans! What products would you guys like to see? #ama #feedback
Roses are red... violets are blue... I suffer from depression... and so do you…
My favorite color is orange because orange is the color of the sun, and the sun is the source of all life on this planet. There is nothing more pure and beautiful than the sun, and if one day I become a sun myself, then I myself will become the source of all life on this planet. That's the dream.
I've been wondering why people keep thinking I've lost my mind. I think I'm pretty sane, actually. I haven't had any outburst, no hallucinations, no delusions of grandeur. I'm fine. I'm not losing my mind. I'm not.
I've been using human skin as paper.
